Flow: Keep parentheses wrap specific FunctionTypeAnnotation (#6717)
prettier/prettier: CHANGELOG.unreleased.md

]);
```

> #### Flow: Keep parentheses wraps ObjectTypeAnnotation that includes FunctionTypeAnnotation and ancestor is ArrowFunctionExpression ([#6717] by [@sosukesuzuki])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Flow: Parentheses around arrow functions' return types that have `FunctionTypeAnnotation` nested in `ObjectTypeAnnotation` ([#6717] by [@sosukesuzuki])

This is a workaround for a [bug](https://github.com/facebook/flow/pull/8163) in the Flow parser. Without the parentheses, the parser throws an error.
```
